Update snaps-cloud.md (#16)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/storage-operations/create-snapshots/snaps-cloud.md

**PX Version**

> Cloud snapshots are supported in Portworx version 1.4 and above.

Reviewer: How about below? Since, In general, we support cloud snapshots before 1.4.

```suggestion
Cloud snapshots using below method is supported in Portworx version 1.4 and above.
```
